Change GPU plugin's behavior as Level zero's default hierarchy mode changed from composite to flat (#1601)
intel/intel-device-plugins-for-kubernetes: cmd/gpu_plugin/README.md

|:---- |:-------- |:------- |:------- |
| shared-dev-num == 1 | No, 1 container per GPU | Workloads using all GPU capacity, e.g. AI training | Yes |
| shared-dev-num > 1 | Yes, >1 containers per GPU | (Batch) workloads using only part of GPU resources, e.g. inference, media transcode/analytics, or CPU bound GPU workloads | No |

> | shared-dev-num > 1 && resource-management | Yes and no, 1>= containers per GPU | Any. For best results, all workloads should declare their expected GPU resource usage (memory, millicores). See also [use](./fractional.md) | Yes. 1000 millicores = exclusive GPU usage. See note below. |

Author: This table is somewhat confusing already. I'd like to decrease the information vs. adding more details. I think it would be enough to indicate that this use case requires more setup and a link to the instructions.

> | shared-dev-num > 1 && resource-management | Yes and no, 1>= containers per GPU | Any. For best results, all workloads should declare their expected GPU resource usage (memory, millicores). See also [use](./fractional.md) | Yes. 1000 millicores = exclusive GPU usage. See note below. |

Reviewer: What about:
```suggestion
| shared-dev-num > 1 && resource-management | Depends on resource requests | Any. For requirements and usage, see [fractional resource management](./fractional.md) | Yes. 1000 millicores = exclusive GPU usage. See note below. |
```
(This may require also some improvements to `fractional.md`, but that could come in separate PR.)

$ kubectl apply -k 'https://github.com/intel/intel-device-plugins-for-kubernetes/deployments/nfd/overlays/node-feature-rules?ref=<RELEASE_VERSION>'

# Create GPU plugin daemonset

> $ kubectl apply -k 'https://github.com/intel/intel-device-plugins-for-kubernetes/deployments/gpu_plugin/overlays/nfd_labeled_nodes?ref=<RELEASE_VERSION>'

Author: > Does operator (have an option to) enable it?

It has an option but the default CR doesn't have it enabled. Operator by nature is more configurable compared to yaml deployments. Though, I do think that monitoring should be enabled by default.

I'd prefer not using words like "normal" because it means different things for different people. Even "basic" may be thought to be different.

> $ kubectl apply -k 'https://github.com/intel/intel-device-plugins-for-kubernetes/deployments/gpu_plugin/overlays/nfd_labeled_nodes?ref=<RELEASE_VERSION>'

Reviewer: Good point about the names.  I noticed you decided to enable monitoring for both. Otherwise maybe following titles would have been more acceptable:
* Minimal install with NFD
* Configurable install with Operator

      Warning  FailedScheduling  <unknown>  default-scheduler  0/1 nodes are available: 1 Insufficient gpu.intel.com/i915.
    ```

## Notes

### Running GPU plugin as non-root

It is possible to run the GPU device plugin using a non-root user. To do this,
the nodes' DAC rules must be configured to device plugin socket creation and kubelet registration.

> Furthermore, the deployments `securityContext` must be configured with appropriate `runAsUser/runAsGroup`.

Reviewer: Or that could be mentioned in setup / requirements section, as it's kind of a important to note that while Intel device plugins provide writable device file(s) to the container, making sure that any other container ID than `root` can do that writing, is not plugin responsibility, but a container manager option:
https://kubernetes.io/blog/2021/11/09/non-root-containers-and-devices/#see-non-root-containers-using-devices-after-the-fix

Or could device plugin operator have option for that setting?
